Last week I made a video about pedestrian crossings,
and although I don't want this to become "things you may not know about British pedestrian crossings,"
Well, there is one more thing and a lot of people contacted me to say I should point it.
There is a secret button, or button, at the bottom of these things you press when you want to cross the road.
And what the little secret knob is, is a sign for people who are blind and deaf,
or is partially blind and partially deaf.
Or that is partially blind and at a pedestrian crossing that doesn't say a beep sound when it's safe to cross
which is a surprising number of pedestrian crossings.
Because the little knob rotates when the signal turns green, as we will now see.
Because don't forget, disability is not a thing that turns on or off
You not only have people who are completely blind, but fine every other way, or completely deaf, but in perfect condition to see.
You have lots of people who might walk around safely in the world, but who can't see the light curve,
and that could not separate the beep sound from the background noise, even if it is there.
So the little knob means it's safe for a lot of British people to cross the road,
And that's one thing you might not
[laughing at the sound of a bus]
Why do I record videos near roads?
THAT is one thing you might not know!
[Translated by Andrew 'DuckOfDuckness' McCluskey]